[Workers] vitest page descriptions (#13600)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/testing/vitest-integration/test-apis.md

title: Test APIs
pcx_content_type: reference
weight: 5
meta:

>   description: Runtime helpers for writing tests in the `cloudflare:test` module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: Runtime helpers for writing tests, exported from the `cloudflare:test` module.
```
